>> Melkey: So with that,
we're gonna create a function that
allows us to register users, okay?
So the function is gonna be pretty easy,
I'm just gonna go and make some space.
We can do funk, I'm gonna do h,
I'm gonna make it a pointer
to our user handler, like so.
And then here we'll do
handle register user,
it's gonna take WH,
TTP response writer and
then a pointer to HTP request, like so.
All right, in this two-step process,
we should be fairly familiar with,
we can do a var request, which you
can be of type registerUserRequest.
And then we're gonna decode the values
we get from the R body into
this particular variable here.
So we can do err is gonna
be json.NewDecoder,
pass it r.Body, okay?
I'm gonna decode this into
the address of that request like so,
if error does not equal to nil,
then we can do a few things.
We do h.logger.Printf for ourselves,
say, ERROR: decoding register request,
okay?
>> Melkey: Oops.
>> Melkey: And we could also bring
in the utils.WriteJSON library or
function that we created earlier.
And here we can do w,
http.StatusBadRequest to bring in utils,
that envelope we can say error,
can say invalid pay request payload.
>> Melkey: And then make sure you return.
>> Speaker 2: So we only created that
type at the top, basically just encoded?
>> Melkey: We created type-
>> Speaker 2: On type at the top of
the register.
>> Melkey: Yeah, this one?
>> Speaker 2: One requires
just to basically have a dump.
>> Melkey: Yep, yeah, so we have like
this structs gonna hold that data, right?
Which is kind of like the definition
of structs, it just holds data, and
you can use it across your application.
So it's just an easier way for
us to extract the value from
our do body into this not
permanent data structure.
>> Speaker 3: Would you on a project have
some sort of maybe globally defined errors
across the project, like they did with,
I can't remember, we were
looking at the SQL package, and they had-
>> Melkey: Var error,
this one actually var SQL error,
yeah, absolutely,
there's many different ways you can do it.
I for one, you can have even a file called
constants in your internal whatever.
And that constants package could just
export a bunch of things for it to use,
like errors, different print statements,
you can have that.
Depends on how big the project
gets with the scope of it,
you can reuse the variables like
definitely use the same error.
And you can declare there, but yeah,
that's a pretty common practice have like
a constant.go and you declare
everything there and it's exported.
Okay, so we have this handle,
our registered user, so at this point,
we can assume we've decoded
everything safely and
securely into the register user
request into that dump struck.
Now we need to validate it,
and how can we validate?
Well, we actually have validate
register user request, so
put it there, and
this has to be addressed like that, right?
So now we can decode it, but
that's not validating yet, right?
Now we have the valid
register request there,
we can handle this error, but
if error does not equal to nil,
we can do utils.WriteJSON(w,
http.statusBadRequest).
And in here we can do utils.Envelope,
you put error, and
this time it's gonna be err.Error like so.
Because we've created that error message
using the errors built in package,
and then don't forget the return, okay?
Next, we can go ahead and
create store.User, so
this is the actual user,
we are okay to persist into our database.
We can make the username as req.Username,
and
we can also make the email
as request.Email.
>> Melkey: Because bio
is an optional field,
we can do if req.Bio does not
equal to this empty string,
we can then also insert
user.Bio = req.Bio.
This could also be in its own function
in the validate request function,
if you want.